[MUSIC]
The last section we'll be learning to
gather in our pivot table lesson is
the slicer function.
Slicers are an easy to use
filtering component that
contain a set of buttons to filter.
As you will see,
slicers are very beneficial to create
an interactive dashboard for
clients, or even internal teams, so
that that all individuals can manipulate
the data for their own knowledge.
In problem 7A we are going to find out
which products were sold in France and
Brazil.
To do this we'll click anywhere
on the pivot table and
then we'll go to the Analyze ribbon and
click Insert Slicer.
This menu will show us
all of the variables and
we can choose which slicer we would
like to put in next to our pivot table.
So for this question we want to know
which products were sold in France and
Brazil, so we want to limit it by country.
So I am going to click the Country box and
hit OK.
Next we're going to select France and
Brazil in our slicer in order to
filter our table to only show
the quantity for those two countries.
So first, I'll click Brazil,
since it's on top and once that's selected,
I'll scroll down to France and
hold control and click France,
so that I know that they're both selected.
And in order to double-check, I'm just
going to stretch out our slicer a little
bit, and
we can see that they're both pink.
Also, you can easily clear the filter
by clicking the filter with the red X
on the top right-hand
corner of your slicer.
And now all of our filters are cleared.
Now it's time for your last
exercise in the pivot table lesson.
Problem 7B, provide a list of countries
by revenue of the combined online and
retail sales.
[MUSIC]